Add GY-US42 sonar page (#2872)
ArduPilot/ardupilot_wiki: common/source/docs/common-rangefinder-gy-us42.rst

. _common-rangefinder-gy-us42:

===============
GY-US42v2 Sonar
===============

.. image:: ../../../images/gy-us42.jpg

The GY-US042v2 Sonar is a very inexpensive, short range (up to 4m) range finder primarily designed for indoor use but which has been successfully used outdoors on Copter. It does provide more consistent height control below 4m than many barometers.

> This sensor is similar to the :ref:`common-rangefinder-maxbotixi2c` , but has the ability to operate in serial and triggered pulse modes (similar to :ref:`common-rangefinder-hcsr04`) also.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sensor is similar to the :ref:`common-rangefinder-maxbotixi2c` , but has the ability to operate in serial and triggered pulse modes (similar to :ref:`common-rangefinder-hcsr04`) in addition to i2c.
```
